[4.1.0][CC] Fix typos and update formatting in getting started docs (#5574)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-as-a-standalone-gateway-on-kubernetes-helm-artifacts.md

# Deploying Choreo Connect as a Standalone Gateway on Kubernetes - Helm Artifacts

Let's deploy an API using WSO2 API Controller (apictl) on Choreo Connect, which is running on Kubernetes as a Standalone Gateway. You can select one of the options to install Choreo Connect with Helm Chart.

- [Option 1: Install Chart from WSO2 Helm Chart Repository](#option-1-install-chart-from-wso2-helm-chart-repository)
- [Option 2: Install Chart from Source](#option-2-install-chart-from-source)

!!! info "Before you begin"

    **WSO2 product Docker images**

>     WSO2 product Docker images used for this Kubernetes deployment are available at [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/u/wso2/). Important to note that they are General Availability (GA) versions and therefore does not include [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    WSO2 product Docker images used for this Kubernetes deployment are available at [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/u/wso2/). It is important to note that they are General Availability (GA) versions and therefore do not include [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates).
```

>     WSO2 product Docker images used for this Kubernetes deployment are available at [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/u/wso2/). Important to note that they are General Availability (GA) versions and therefore does not include [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates).

Author: ```suggestion
    WSO2 product Docker images used for this Kubernetes deployment are available at [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/u/wso2/). It is important to note that they are General Availability (GA) versions and therefore do not include [WSO2 Updates](https://wso2.com/updates).
```

>     For a production grade deployment of the desired WSO2 product-version, it is highly recommended to use the relevant Docker image which includes WSO2 Updates, available at [WSO2 Private Docker Registry](https://docker.wso2.com/). In order to use these images, you need an active [WSO2 Subscription](https://wso2.com/subscription).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For a production-grade deployment of the desired WSO2 product version, it is highly recommended to use the relevant Docker image, which includes WSO2 Updates, available at [WSO2 Private Docker Registry](https://docker.wso2.com/). In order to use these images, you need an active [WSO2 Subscription](https://wso2.com/subscription).
```
